I think the best thing that I learned was how toe look up things. I tried
Thio be the best leader that I could all the way up until I was
the first class. And that was, you know, going on Google and looking
here and, um, asking around and, you know, going to another office
and saying, Hey, what's the policy on this, you know, kind of like,
uh, wagon, my my telling a circle. But, um, before I joined the chief
strings, and especially afterwards, I swapped up my leadership style.
They actually taught me how to become a better leader. Um, a little
bit during, um, my second class and my third class years, but a
lot, especially during my first class years. And after I became in chief,
uh, they told me which websites to visit. Uh, they told me, like
which people in the separate departments toe go visit. So it's not
necessarily a skill, um, of knowing how to do something but more about
knowing who to talk to knowing that that was a resource that I
had that I wasn't taking advantage of before